Add async killAll (#186)
GoogleChrome/chrome-launcher: README.md

Note: This method performs synchronous I/O operations.

> ### `.killAll()`

Reviewer: thanks for the docs! 👍 👍

> Attempts to kill all Chrome instances created with [`.launch([opts])`](#launchopts). Returns a Promise that resolves to `true` if there were no errors, and to `false` if any errors were thrown when killing an instance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Attempts to kill all Chrome instances created with [`.launch([opts])`](#launchopts). Returns a Promise that resolves to an array of errors that occurred while killing instances. If all instances were killed successfully, the array will be empty.
```

Author: Thanks for catching!
